fix(android): Use componentStack as fallback for missing error stack traces (#5965)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

> - Use React `componentStack` as fallback when error has no stack trace on Android ([#5071](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/5071))

Author: ```suggestion
- Use React `componentStack` as fallback when error has no stack trace on Android ([#5965](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/5965)
```
